- Ooh, cauliflower!
Nature's dessert.
- Oh!
Ugh.
- Are we there yet?
This place creeps me out.
[animal growling]
- [gasps]
What was that?
- Oh, just my stomach.
Road tripping
makes me hungry!
- Oh.
[animal growling]
[girls gasping]
[dramatic music]
- Not me.
[animal growling]
[girls screaming]
- Proxy?
- Don't worry, Maddie.
I got this.
♪ ♪
- Hey, so any luck finding
that guy in there?
- Daniel.
- Yeah, him.
- Nothing.
Have you seen anything?
- Uh-uh.
Didn't see a soul.
- We should
look around some more.
The place is obviously
not abandoned.
- Em, there's no one here.
- There has to be.
They're probably in
a staff meeting.
- Or wrestling alligators!
Come on, we gotta
at least go see that--
- No, let's just wait.
We came all this way.
- You're right, we did.
And we didn't find
your ex that hates me.
Besides, we have more
pressing things to do.
Like find our friends?
They should be here by now.
- But...what if he's here
and I leave
and something else happens
and he's gone when
we come back and--
- Emma.
- This is our last lead.
[pouts]
- Okay.
All right.
We'll search the park
one more time.
- I call dibs on
the alligator pit.
[exciting music]
- Aah!
This should be easy.
I fix stuff for Maddie
all the time.
- You're comparing fixing
an internal combustion engine
to gluing a heel
on Maddie's shoe?
- I fix other things, too.
Just yesterday, I fixed
Miss Van Pelt's earring thingy.
- And you cleaned
all her jewelry.
[animal growling]
- Guys, where's Maddie?
Stay close by, please?
- I'm here!
- Could you just,
you know...
- [stammering]
- She's not even around!
- Who's not around?
- Katie!
Katie, where are you?
- I have no reception.
- Can we go?
I'm worried about my hair.
- Did you really expect Diego
to fix the engine
with one of your nail files?
- And glue.
- Like he did my pumps.
[giggling]
Oh, look.
Here comes Nurse Lily.
- Where's the tow truck?
- The station was closed...
for the last 20 years
by the looks of it.
Did you guys
hear that growling?
I want everybody
inside the RV.
We're gonna wait in there
until someone finds us.
Come on.
- Okay.
[horn honking]
- Hold on, hold on, hold on.
- Someone's coming.
- Is it Katie?
- Maybe he'll know how
to fix the engine.
- I can fix it!
[horn honking]
- You guys need some help?
[tense music]
[upbeat pop music]
WOMAN: ♪ I cast a spell ♪
♪ It takes a hold of you ♪
♪ I see my dreams ♪
♪ And they're all
coming true ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ Look up ahead ♪
♪ There's a magical adventure ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm trying
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm going
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
[RV door opens, closes]
- Yeah, it's definitely
the universal hose plug
and belt timing thingy.
- [chuckling]
It looks like you threw a belt.
- That's what Proxy said!
- So...can you fix it?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- I'm sorry, Emma.
Do you think
it's possible that...
maybe he was just
in your mind?
I mean, Nurse Lily says
power outages have
all sorts of
weird side effects.
- He's real.
I know it.
- You know who else
is real?
Diego and the Panthers!
And they should have been here
a long time ago.
- Try calling
Nurse Lily again.
I know, I know.
We should go find them.
- Yeah, that's what
I've been saying.
- Hey, should I be getting
jealous about this?
- No.
Of course not.
I chose you, didn't I?
- And yet, here we are,
searching for the other guy.
[upbeat pop music]
♪ ♪
[engine turns over]
- Seatbelts.
♪ ♪
- Wha--turn the car off.
It's them.
[engine rumbling]
[engine turns off]
- Em?
- Daniel.
- Daniel?
- Are you guys togeth--
- Daniel!
[sentimental music]
- Awk-ward!
- Uh...excuse me.
- Danny, I'm so sorry.
I never meant--
- Do I know you?
[dramatic music]
- I honestly didn't think
we'd find him.
- Me neither.
- You don't recognize him?
At all?
- Not one bit.
And I know I would
be friends with someone
who wrestles alligators.
- He didn't before.
That's what I'm trying
to explain.
He wasn't...this Daniel.
MADDIE: So, is it him
or isn't it?
- It is, but--
whoa!
- Oh!
- What?
- I love your helmet!
[playful music]
- Aah!
- Got it!
- What? No!
Gigi...wait!
- Come on!
Let's go get that phone!
- But I like Maddie's hair!
- But we can't be
the Panthers anymore.
- We'll have to be
the Lions!
♪ ♪
- So that's your girlfriend?
- [sighing]
And my sister.
So, uh, we're replacing
the belt.
- Yes, I did,
but it's still not working.
With an engine this old,
there's a good chance
the seals
might have dried up.
- [laughing]
Yeah, and seals love to be wet.
[claps]
- They still haven't
fixed it yet?
- Don't worry,
I'll just cast a spell
when "Jungle Jim"
isn't looking
and then I can fix it
and we can go home.
- Don't you dare.
I'll have it fixed
in half an hour.
- Half an hour.
That's perfect.
I know a great place that
we can go watch the sunset.
It's only--
- We can't leave.
- Why not?
We found Daniel already,
everything is well.
I say we go and have
a little vacation.
- Man, that girl's really
handy with a wrench.
- That's right, Andi--
Andrea Futura Doctora Cruz
can fix anything.
- Okay.
- So, you live here?
- Yes.
My family runs the sanctuary.
We take in injured
and sick animals
and we nurse them
back to health.
- Ugh.
- Aww.
- You guys want a tour?
- No, thank you.
We'll just wait here
and sit in the car.
- Sure!
That would be great.
[pop music]
[mouthing silently]
♪ ♪
- This is our main
visitor center.
We're open every day of
the year except Christmas,
but if you want to come then,
you can just bring a present
and we'll let you in.
- [cackling]
- Hey, Daniel.
Who are your friends?
- They broke down on the road.
I'm just showing them around.
Guys, this is my mom--
- Mrs. Miller!
- Well, that's right.
But we are pretty casual
around here,
so you can just
call me Christina.
And you are?
- Emma.
Emma Alonso.
- Well, it is so nice
to meet you, Emma.
♪ ♪
- This is Caesar,
our pelican.
When we found him,
he'd gotten into some trouble
with some fishermen--
fish lines were wrapped up
all around his beak,
and he couldn't eat.
But we helped him out,
and soon,
he'll be able to
return to the wild.
Won't you, buddy?
- Let me ask him for you.
I speak pelican.
- Okay.
- [squawking]
[playful music]
He says,
he's very grateful
but looks forward
to getting back
to what he knows best:
hunting fish.
- Why don't you toss him one?
- Really?
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
[laughter]
- All right, so who knows
what these guys are?
Jax.
- They're flamingos.
Evil flamingos.
- Right, well, I don't know
about that last part,
but...can anybody
tell me why they're pink?
- He wanted to match
the pig?
- 'Cause of his diet.
See, they eat a lot of
shrimp and algae,
which are rich
in carotenoids.
If that was all you ate,
you'd be pink, too.
- [laughs]
- [sighs]
- When we first started
hanging out,
you used to toss me grapes
just like that.
- Let's, uh...keep moving.
- Keep an eye out for
an electrical outlet, Katie.
This is gonna take care
of everything.
- [chuckles sheepishly]
- Come on!
Go through already!
Ugh!
- This is our workshop where
my brothers and sister,
also known as the--
- The T3!
- The what?
- The Terrible Three.
Rob! Tommy!
And...where's Melanie?
- She's laying out
some animal traps.
How do you know
that they're the T3?
- Do we know you?
- Maybe not, uh...
but I know you.
The T3, also known as
the Terrible Three,
are the biggest pranksters
in Miami.
- Pranksters?
- Who would we prank?
- Like, our animals?
[tense music]
- We don't like pranks.
- Where did you get that?
- Isn't that
what you do here?
I mean,
look at all this equipment.
- This gear is used
for special traps
to capture wounded animals
and bring them back
to the sanctuary.
- We nurse them back
to health and, you know,
it's part of the mission
of the sanctuary.
- No!
You have to remember!
Oh...these fish are like
the ones
you dumped on Jax
outside his locker,
only...not as smelly.
Oatmeal.
You dyed this stuff blue
and blasted Maddie with it.
♪ ♪
- Daniel,
she's scaring me.
- Ooh, just what
I was looking for.
[gasping]
Aah!
- Ah-ha!
There it is!
Pranking Maddie!
- Who's Maddie?
- Emma, stop.
- Miss, are you all right?
We are so sorry!
- Rob, help me
get her out of here!
- Okay, I think
we've seen enough here.
Next stop, the crocodiles.
- Oh, no!
I've seen enough.
I'm going back to the lodge
to fix my hair.
I'm going to need
my large cosmetics bag.
[gasps, cries]
And my extra large one.
- But...alligators.
- Crocodiles.
- Both, actually.
[pop music]
Most people
think of alligators
when they think of Florida,
but actually,
we have both.
Florida is the only place
where crocs and alligators
can live together.
Aah.
Aah, get it away!
- [chuckling]
Your ex-boyfriend's
afraid of butterflies?
That's really impressive.
- He's not afraid.
He's allergic.
- Okay.
[chuckling]
- So,
was that a real butterfly
or an "Emma has a crush
on a boy" butterfly?
- It wasn't from me!
It's just a butterfly.
- Okay.
Just checking.
[crocodile growling]
- So what do you think?
- Some sort of delusion.
- I don't know.
She knows too much
about the Millers.
She's obviously
not making it up.
- Hmm.
- But what do we do now?
- I think I'm gonna
call the Council
and see what they think.
- Ha, good luck with that.
There is no cell service
out here.
- But I have a direct line.
Go on, I'll catch up
with you guys later.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Pass the yeast rolls,
please.
- [gasps]
With pleasure.
[chuckling]
- Mmm, thank you.
- It's so lovely here
without humans around.
- [exhales]
- Especially teenagers.
- Mm.
- They're so noisy.
[chuckling]
[cell phone ringing]
Ooh!
- Oh, ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh!
What did we say about
phones at the table?
- It's Lily.
- Ugh.
Probably more trouble with
The Chosen One again.
- Hello, Lily.
- Hi.
We have a situation with Emma.
- Ha!
Told you.
- Emma has located
this Daniel person
at an animal sanctuary
in the Everglades.
- [gasps]
He exists?
- Are you quite certain?
- All evidence points to
a Continuum Break.
[both gasping]
- A Continuum Break?
- Oh!
[laughing]
I never thought
I would live to see one.
What kind of evidence
do you have?
- Well...mostly Emma's word.
But her explanation is
very convincing.
- [sighs]
I can't wait to hear it.
- Has she told the subject
about his previous
existence yet?
- Well, she mentioned
one or two things, but...
he didn't really understand.
- Oh!
You need to make sure that
she doesn't reveal
too much to him.
- If she breaks
the Continuum again--
- I know how a CB works.
If she tells him
about his old life,
he has five days to remember
who he is or--
- Or the universe
will shift again.
- Hey.
How was the tour?
[all talking at once]
Daniel,
you should take them
on an airboat tour
of the Everglades.
How would you guys like to see
some alligators and crocs
up close and personal
in their own habitat?
[all shouting
enthusiastically]
- I don't really want
to do that, no.
- That sounds amazing.
[both chuckling]
- Are you coming with us,
Nurse Lily?
- Yeah,
I don't really like boats.
Um...I think I'm just
gonna stick around here.
- Well, if you would like
to hang out,
I could sure use the company.
- Diego, are you coming on
the airhead?
- It's "airboat."
- Oh, yeah,
that sounds fun.
Maddie!
Wanna go on an airboat?
MADDIE: Out there?
Are you insane?
[pop music]
- We're not going.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
I get why they call that
your "favorite" hat.
- How do you know?
You don't even know her.
- [chuckles]
It's okay, you don't have to.
- Hm.
This is gonna be
a pretty tight squeeze.
- Why don't we just take
two boats?
- Who's gonna drive
the other boat?
I don't know.
Are you even
a good driver?
Is it safe?
- Uh,
safer than tipping over
with all of us
crammed in there.
And I have been
a Class D boat pilot,
licensed by the state
of Florida,
since I could
stand upright, so...
Mm-hmm.
- Well, all right.
- Yes!
- Just stay behind me,
go slow,
and--and don't
do anything stupid.
- [scoffs]
"Not do anything stupid"
is my middle name.
- I thought your middle name
was "Futura Doctora."
- It is.
- Emma and I will go with Andi.
- Okay.
- No, I'll just go with Gigi,
Katie, and Sophie.
- Oh, I'm good here.
[chuckles]
- So, you're sure don't want
the boat with Wi-Fi?
- Wi-Fi?
Ooh!
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
I cannot lose that hat.
It's my favorite.
- Daniel was right.
- Can we please
go back and get it?
- What does it look like
I'm doing?
- Oh,
who cares about a hat?
We should be trying
to fix the Wi-Fi.
Who ever heard of
a boat with busted Wi-Fi?
What kind of operation
are they running here?
- [sighs]
I'll be right back.
Stay on the boat.
Nobody go anywhere.
- What are we gonna do
while we wait?
- "Vegetable Samurai"?
- Good idea.
I think I know him.
Is that you, Laszlo?
[sighs]
- I don't think that's Laszlo.
- You've never
even met him!
- Sophie, no!
[sighs]
I'll make sure
she doesn't get lost.
Stay here and tell Andi.
- Ooh!
I got a signal!
Now I don't.
No...no...no.
Yes!
Gone again!
What?
[playful music]
No.
No!
[engine roaring]
[engine shuts off, rumbles]
- We should head back
to the sanctuary.
- Cool.
I'm ready.
- [exhales]
There's a storm coming.
A big one.
- How do you know?
- It's hard to explain.
I just--I just know.
We should probably
tell the girls.
[dramatic music]
Where are they?
♪ ♪
I knew I shouldn't have
let Andi drive.
♪ ♪
[engine turns over]
- Who has two thumbs
and serious
swamp detecting skills?
This guy.
Guys?
Gu--Katie!
Gigi! Sophie!
Oh, come on,
you've gotta be kidding me.
What part of "Stay on the boat,
nobody go anywhere"
did they not understand?
Katie!
Gigi!
Sophie!
Where are you guys?
♪ ♪
- [groans]
Kanay?
♪ ♪
- Sophie!
Over here!
SOPHIE: Where?
- Here!
Did you find your lizard?
- No.
Honestly, I don't even know
why I bother with Laszlo.
He's so rude sometimes.
- We better head back
to the boat.
Andi's probably
back with my hat.
- Aah!
How do people live
out here?
- They don't!
- Well, they should still have
cell service.
- Come on, we're heading
back to the boat.
♪ ♪
- We're lost, aren't we?
- Absolutely not!
- Then why are we walking around
in circles?
- Maybe it's part of
the warm up.
- Okay.
Everyone calm down.
Maybe there's a trail marker
or something.
♪ ♪
What's that?
Yeah, I see
a trail marking.
[mechanical whirring]
[electricity sparking]
♪ ♪
- Oh, no.
- No, no, no, no, no.
- Maddie!
Maddie!
Maddie, come out!
I've got to show you something!
- What?
- I found some--whoa!
Uh...
- Oh, no!
No, no, no,
no, no!
Proxy, how bad is it?
- Um, it's--it's--
it's not that bad.
It's--it's not.
Can't you just cast a spell
and fix it for good?
- Don't you think I've tried?
When it comes to my hair,
humidity trumps magic.
- Come here.
Let me try something.
- What are you do--
- Just...trust me.
[wind whipping]
- Proxy!
[pop music]
- There you go.
Problem solved.
Kanay style.
- Proxy, you fixed it!
♪ ♪
[both laughing]
- Hey, guys.
- Do you see
anything different, huh?
Proxy fixed my hair.
- You did her hair?
- Yeah!
- No!
[both laughing]
So...how was the ride?
- It was amazing.
The speed on those
floating fans is incredible.
- It's called an airboat.
Stay put.
I'm gonna call reinforcements.
- Reinforcements?
For what?
- Uh...
[clearing throat]
We sorta had
a small mishap.
- [gasps]
Where are my Panthers?
- Where's my sister?
- Uh, we sorta lost 'em.
- [gasps]
- By "we," Andi means "she."
- You lost them?
- Hey, you know what?
I told them to stay
by the boat.
It's not my fault
if they wandered off.
- Don't worry.
Daniel will find them.
- I'm calling the best guide
in the Everglades to help.
- It's safe out there,
right?
- Perfectly safe...
as long as you know how
to deal with alligators,
crocodiles, and panthers.
- Yes.
Two.
- He means real panthers.
And, oh, you know,
if that's all...
- Four species
of poisonous snakes,
red widow spiders,
brown recluse spiders,
butterflies with
the little poison...
♪ ♪
- When we find the girls,
we're out of here.
- Jax, no.
We can't leave until
I get Daniel to remember
who he really is.
- Come on, Emma.
Can't you see?
Whoever he is,
he's happy here.
Why can't you just
accept that and move on?
- Because,
he's not himself,
so we don't know
if he's happy.
I'm sorry,
but this is my fault.
I can't "move on"
until I make it right.
- I guess if
that's your choice.
- But...
it wasn't, Jax.
I chose you.
I just...
can't leave him.
- [sighs]
Emma, I...I don't know
what you're talking about.
Okay, I've tried to be
a good boyfriend, I have.
But I have to draw the line.
I'm leaving...
with or without you.
[upbeat pop music]
♪ ♪